hi guys today I'm bringing you a video
on how I refreshed my watch and go I'm
going to show you how our transform my
three day old hair from an overnight
pineapple into a fluffy and soft wash
and go in less than five minutes so
let's get started the only products that
I use are a mixture of water and aloe
vera juice a light oil and a pic I begin
by releasing my hair from a high
ponytail and shaking it out a bit just
to break up some of the curls that have
clumped together overnight and things
like that then I begin pulling on my
hair to create the shape that I like and
also separating the curls this is where
I spend most of the time doing my hair
refreshing my washing goal is just
shaping it to my liking okay next you
want to attack that frizz this is one
eye just separate the frizzies parts of
my hair from the parts that are more
defined and all I do is just lightly
spritz the aloe vera and water mixture
onto my hair and just to soak it up just
a little bit and then smooth my hair
shaft down just to eliminate most of the
frizz now don't get me wrong I enjoy
some frizz in my hair but for days when
I want my hair to look just a little bit
more presentable I'll just you know do
basically like a search-and-destroy by
finding the prettiest pieces and lightly
spritzing them
then next I'll just apply a little bit
of bull to my hair just to sealing the
moisture from the water and aloe vera
mixture and to also give my hair a
little bit of shine and last but not
least I pull out my pic and just lift my
roots a bit to give myself more volume
because I love big hair and that's it I
hope this was helpful to you ladies who
had a hard time maintaining your wash
and gos for longer than a day or two
please give this video a thumbs up if it
was helpful and also share with others
also don't forget to subscribe to my
channel for weekly videos thanks for
watching and I'll see you guys next time